modules/endian/endian.md, before:

## `endian`

**Author(s):** [Alvin Cheng](https://github.com/cheng-alvin/)

> [!WARNING]
> Generically named header of `endian.h` may conflict with the system-default
> `endian.h` header declarations available on `glibc` on some systems, but
> excludes MacOS. Care should be taken to ensure correct header has been
> included! More information/justification of said practice is provided in
> [this](https://shorturl.at/XC1rg) section as presented below.

Function for facilitating the conversion between opposite endian formats. Due to
Intel's extensive usage of encoding bytes in *little endian*. The `endian`
function is primary used for conversion of input bytes expressed in big endian
to encoded data represented in little endian, in adherence to Intel x86's
encoder conventions.

> [!NOTE]
> `endian` is pragmatically conditioned to only be applicable where the
> assembler source code has been compiled on machine using little endian. This
> approach ensures correct values to be preserved when assembler functions are
> executed on big endian machines. This behavior is achieved through the
> conditional compilation based off the built in `__LITTLE_ENDIAN__` flag. If
> not using `clang` as the primary compiler, you must check for support of this
> macro.

### Synopsis

```c
#include <endian.h>
uint8_t *endian(uint8_t *data, size_t data_size);
```

### Argument specifications

- `data` - An array of *assumed* **pre-allocated** `uint8_t` array.
- `data_size` - The total size of the array requiring endian conversion.

### Error handling

Validation of size is not conducted in `endian`, the `data` argument is assumed
to be an accessible memory address containing the pre-stated array. **NO** error
checking or validation is provided by `endian` to check the validity of the
parameters. However, where the `data_size` specification is accurate, a static
array allocation can also be used in spite of an perceived inherent requirement
for a heap allocation associated with `uint8_t *`

> [!TIP]
> Where it is required to convert a `buffer_t`'s endian-ness, the buffer's
> properties can be passed in directly. The `data` and `data_size` argument can
> be assigned as the `buffer_t`'s `data` and `len` properties, respectively. The
> final return value can also be *re-assigned back to the `data` member*.

### Why not just use the standard `endian.h`, or `OSByteOrder.h`?

Despite pre-existing solutions supporting the conversion of endianness, Jas
still continues to offer solutions for the endian conversion due to limitations
imposed on previous solutions. For instance, the both `endian.h` and
`OSByteOrder.h` are platform dependent and are only available on Linux and MacOS
respectively, despite `endian.h`'s listing in the Glibc standard.

Crucially, traditionally used macros typically have a limit of 8 bytes across
the board and is unable to accommodate Jas' required data sizes/formats; namely
the interop with the Jas `buffer_t` structures and continuous arrays etc.

### See also

- [`buffer_t`](https://github.com/cheng-alvin/jas-doc/blob/main/modules/buffer/buffer.md)
- [Endianness - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endianness)

Commit message:

Updated punctuation and omitted extra details

modules/endian/endian.md, after:

## `endian`

**Author(s):** [Alvin Cheng](https://github.com/cheng-alvin/)

> [!WARNING]
> Generically named header of `endian.h` may conflict with the system-default
> `endian.h` header declarations available on `glibc` on some systems, but
> excludes MacOS. Care should be taken to ensure correct header has been
> included! More information/justification of said practice is provided in
> [this](https://shorturl.at/XC1rg) section as presented below.

Function for facilitating the conversion between opposite endian formats. Due to
Intel's extensive usage of encoding bytes in *little endian*. The `endian`
function is primary used for conversion of input bytes expressed in big endian
to encoded data represented in little endian, in adherence to Intel x86's
encoder conventions.

### Synopsis

```c
#include <endian.h>
uint8_t *endian(uint8_t *data, size_t data_size);
```

### Argument specifications

- `data` - An array of *assumed* **pre-allocated** `uint8_t` array.
- `data_size` - The total size of the array requiring endian conversion.

### Error handling

Validation of size is not conducted in `endian`, the `data` argument is assumed
to be an accessible memory address containing the pre-stated array. **NO** error
checking or validation is provided by `endian` to check the validity of the
parameters. However, where the `data_size` specification is accurate, a static
array allocation can also be used in spite of an perceived inherent requirement
for a heap allocation associated with `uint8_t *`.

> [!TIP]
> Where it is required to convert a `buffer_t`'s endian-ness, the buffer's
> properties can be passed in directly. The `data` and `data_size` argument can
> be assigned as the `buffer_t`'s `data` and `len` properties, respectively. The
> final return value can also be *re-assigned back to the `data` member*.

### Why not just use the standard `endian.h`, or `OSByteOrder.h`?

Despite pre-existing solutions supporting the conversion of endianness, Jas
still continues to offer solutions for the endian conversion due to limitations
imposed on previous solutions. For instance, the both `endian.h` and
`OSByteOrder.h` are platform dependent and are only available on Linux and MacOS
respectively, despite `endian.h`'s listing in the Glibc standard.

Crucially, traditionally used macros typically have a limit of 8 bytes across
the board and is unable to accommodate Jas' required data sizes/formats; namely
the interop with the Jas `buffer_t` structures and continuous arrays etc.

### Implementation details

`endian` is pragmatically conditioned to only be applicable where the assembler
source code has been compiled on machine using little endian. This behavior is
achieved through the conditional compilation based off the built in
`__LITTLE_ENDIAN__` flag which some compilers **does not** support. Please
ensure that this feature is supported before compilation of Jas.

### See also

- [`buffer_t`](https://github.com/cheng-alvin/jas-doc/blob/main/modules/buffer/buffer.md)
- [Endianness - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endianness)
